Proofpoint app (#2212)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/saas-cloud/index.md

  </div>
</div>
<div className="box smallbox22 card">
  <div className="container">

>   <a href="/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/proofpoint-on-demand"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/proofpoint-logo.png')} alt="icon" width="120"/><h4>Proofpoint On Demand</h4></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <a href="/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/proofpoint-on-demand"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/proofpoint-logo.png')} alt="icon" width="120"/><h4>Proofpoint on Demand</h4></a>
```

>   <p>Analyze message logs and provide improved security posture.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <p>Analyze message logs and improve your security posture.</p>
```
